[Music]
ten things you should never Google in
most cases Google can be a great help in
finding something you need however
sometimes it can work against you there
is an important reason why you should
never Google your name and why most
people don't like doing it moreover at
the end of the video we will show you
which information you can google safely
but first here's a list of things you
should refrain from googling counting
down number 10 your symptoms
first of all let's talk about your
health problems many websites specialize
in such content and of course most of
them are not managed by medical
professionals looking up the meaning of
your symptoms on the Internet will not
help you quite the reverse it'll make
you feel worse and panicked if you have
any kind of health issues
don't ask dr. Google schedule a visit
with a real doctor instead number nine
anything criminal okay this one is
serious you may try to look up things
like how to make a bomb or how to make
an feta mains out of pure interest
however keep in mind that security and
drug control services always track these
kinds of searches and your IP address
can appear in such a database you don't
want to get in trouble because of your
curiosity do you number eight cancer
this is the case where the less you know
the better you sleep there are so many
types of this disease and most of them
occur with symptoms that could be very
common for many other harmless
conditions most people experience such
things as dizziness weakness nausea etc
so you'll probably mistake something
else for cancer and start panicking
number 7 bed bug infestations you've
probably heard about these little
monsters especially from any kind of
hotel reviews and maybe even some of you
have experienced their harm on your skin
but have you ever thought what bed bug
infestations look like if you want to
continue sleeping at night you won't
look it up mm-hmm
please don't number six
skin conditions there are many diseases
connected with the skin and most of them
look really bad for some reason you can
find online images of almost all of them
however it's much better to stay
ignorant in this case because this kind
of content can be extremely disturbing
also please do not look up genital
infections either
number five smokers lungs many of you
smoke I don't smoke but you might and
from time to time we think about the
harm smoking does especially to our
lungs the web is full of images of the
abnormal lungs of heavy smokers which
you could take too seriously and freak
out you can of course try googling this
if you need a strong motivation for
quitting but it's better not to number
for dangerous animals please stay away
from such a list unless you want to
acquire new phobias there are a lot of
really terrifying animals on our planet
and some of them will probably turn out
to be a newer region moreover such a
phobia may discourage you from traveling
you don't want that to happen right
[Music]
number three your name it's not a big
secret that in the era of the internet
our privacy is greatly questioned if you
try to Google your name most probably
you will stumble upon some unpleasant
results bad photos of you outdated
information irrelevant content we take
such things way too seriously if you
find something like this you want to
delete it all however that's not a
simple thing to do maybe we should take
it easy or simply don't google it hit
the like button if you've googled your
name at least once in your life I know
you have go ahead and hit the like
button yeah I'll wait okay done here we
go number two blackhead removal well
this one is a little different it will
not scare you or get you into trouble
but it will take up all your time you
won't be able to stop it's so weird that
blackhead removal causes such visual
satisfaction for many but apparently it
sure does so we advise you to stay away
from this
[Music]
number one giving birth we've all seen
those scenes in movies women yelling
loudly doctors trying to calm them down
it don't look stressful even in a movie
however the real process of giving birth
is a hundred times more disturbing it's
especially dangerous for women to watch
and may even discourage them from having
children at all so don't even try to
search for this
this goes for caesareans as well yeah
it's like that couple that were in the
delivery room and she's getting a
cesarean so what to Google then however
instead of looking for the unpleasant
things in this list you can always have
fun with Google just try searching for
anything starting with why how do et
cetera the most popular searches will
show up and you'll be surprised at what
many people are interested in the enjoy
don't forget to click subscribe and hit
the like button below the video we
promise if it reaches 45 thousand likes
we'll make a video about some Facebook
secret settings join us on the bright
side of life
[Music]